readme.md, before:

# Mapping Flows of Benefits of MES Across the Globe

## Description
This is a Geovisualization research project the Master's in Geoinformation Science and Earth Observations for Geoinformatics.
This Interactive web mapping application has been built to visualize MES flow benefits with the case Western Central Pacific Ocean (WCPO) Region's Pacific Possible Project by World Bank.

The aim of this application is to interactively visualize, explore and understand the flows of benefits of Marine Ecosystem Services to various locations across the world.
The ultimate goal of such an application is that it can be used for other global benefit flows beyond fisheries.

To enhance the communication of baseline data we demonstrate an interactive web mapping tool to visualize the flows of these benefits. 
The application therefore translates static information of the Marine Ecosystem Services global value supply chain (see figure below) from lists, charts and tables into an interactive web map prototype.

![](https://github.com/SophiaNM/WCPO_Visualization/blob/master/images/global_supply_valuechain.png)

## Features
- The overview page allows users to see 3 visualization: A sankey diagram, barchart, and flow map.
- User can get more information and functionality pn the side navigation bar including: about, search, help and information.
- Users can also explore the application interactively through search, buttons, mouse hovers and clicks.


### View Live Site here
View the complete site [here](https://smurage.com/wcpo/)

## Technology and Prerequisite
The WCPO project requires a prerequisite understanding of the following:
   
    - D3.js
    - HTML & CSS
    - Javascript libraries such as popper.js and bootstrap

### Known bugs
Yet to implement zoom functionality based on search. 
If found any other kindly open an issue.

### Contributors
    - Sophia Njeri Murage

### Contact Information
njerimurage92@gmail.com 

### Data sources
- World Bank and Nicholas Institute (2016).Tuna fisheries: Pacific possible background paper No 3, 130.
- Market and industry dynamics in the global tuna supply chain. Forum Fisheries Agency (FFA)
- FFA Economic and Development Indicators and Statistics 2016
- Williams, P., & Terawasi, P. (2015). Overview of Tuna Fisheries in the Western and Central Pacific Ocean

Commit message:

Usability adaptations for zooming with search and information icons

readme.md, after:

# Mapping Flows of Benefits of MES Across the Globe

## Description
This is a Geovisualization research project the Master's in Geoinformation Science and Earth Observations for Geoinformatics.
This Interactive web mapping application has been built to visualize the flows of economic benefits of Marine Ecosystem Services (MES).
The visualization specifically shows the economic benefits of tuna fish from the purse seine fishery within the Western Central Pacific Ocean (WCPO) Region. 
									
The aim of the application is to interactively visualize, explore and understand the flows of benefits of MES across the world.
The ultimate goal of such an application is to produce an adaptable approach of mapping other global supply value chains, or ES flows of  similar characteristics.
								

The data used in this visualize is obtained from the Pacific Possible Project report by World Bank and Nicholas Institute.
We provide a new approach of communicating the baseline data in the report focusing on the steps in the global value supply chain as demonstrated below.
									
![](https://github.com/SophiaNM/WCPO_Visualization/blob/master/images/global_supply_valuechain.png)

## Features
- The overview page allows users to see 3 visualization: A sankey diagram, barchart, and flow map.
- User can get more information and functionality pn the side navigation bar including: about, search, help and information.
- Users can also explore the application interactively through search, buttons, mouse hovers and clicks.


### View Live Site here
View the complete site [here](https://smurage.com/wcpo/)

## Technology and Prerequisite
The WCPO project requires a prerequisite understanding of the following:
   
    - D3.js
    - HTML & CSS
    - Javascript libraries such as popper.js and bootstrap

### Known bugs
Yet to implement zoom functionality based on search. 
If found any other kindly open an issue.

### Contributors
    - Sophia Njeri Murage

### Contact Information
njerimurage92@gmail.com 

### Data sources
- World Bank and Nicholas Institute (2016).Tuna fisheries: Pacific possible background paper No 3, 130.
- Market and industry dynamics in the global tuna supply chain. Forum Fisheries Agency (FFA)
- FFA Economic and Development Indicators and Statistics 2016
- Williams, P., & Terawasi, P. (2015). Overview of Tuna Fisheries in the Western and Central Pacific Ocean
